SF tests to run

ToDo.
c	Confirm that we can program mk20 with SWDIO, SWCLK, RST (not TRST)
c	Test analog readings

	Test iOS/BLE
c		Test programming
c		Upload test chat code
c		See what the data from the app looks like in code
c		Pass data through BLE to Teensy
		Teensy detects new profile and goes into uploading mode
x			Blinking blue LED
		Sets parameters
c		Turn off BLE to save power
c		check for internal pull-ups/downs on SWD pins for BLE
			modify schematic if needed

	Audio
x		Access flash memory
x		How to program the flash memory in factory
x		Run RawHardwareTest and debug until it passes (inside SerialFlash lib examples)

x		Volume Control
x			Detect/debounce buttons (Just use regular bounce library)
x			Ability to control digipot (added tested working code 9.5)
x			Linearize sound pressure in software as needed (now done in HW - 2nd red pcb rev)
x			Adjust volume through digipot

		Amp Hardware
x			Wire two speakers in parallel (8ohm) and confirm impedance
x			Test DAC output (sine wave with dc offset)
x			Test DAC signal after DC blocking cap (0V center)
x			Test DAC signal while adjusting digitpot (shifting magnitude, 0V center)
x				Check if feedback should go from in+ to out-
x				Check if one audio channel is at 0V
x			Fix Hardware
x				Add feedback resistors to other channel
x				Add cap isolation to input
x				Cut in- to ground
x			Test audio output
x			Plug in speakers and test audio
x				Store a test file in spi flash
x				Output into speakers
x				Change volume
x			Draw final schematics
x			Update dev notes about audio schematic
			Turn on/off amplifier while playing to save power

		Sound files
			"Welcome to Swing Forge. Preparing system."
			"Your vest calibration is complete."
			Chime at the back swing limit
			Beep for the volume noise
			Chime2 at end of swing - cycle through phrases? have a "great job" for swings with a low number of errors?
			Low battery
			"Settings updated" after BLE

		Implement in primary code
			On wakeup
			On complete calibration
			On back swing complete
			On full swing complete
			Low battery
			Shutting down
			"Settings updated" after BLE

			Changing volume up/down
			Tune volume up/down speed




	Double tap on accelerometer to start the swing
x		Update to latest dev library
x			Move fixed Euler angle function
x			Add other added functions (normalize?)
x		Port MotionDriver 6.12 Library
x		Implement fixed Euler angle function
x		Implement tap detection
x		Tune tap thresholds and timing
		Implement calibration code in new library
			int mpu_run_self_test(long *gyro, long *accel) returns bias values, store them in eeprom (embed a program to redo cal?)
x				write test code
				write calibration code
				calibrate



	UI!

	Fabric button for the power switch
		Copper pads on each side of a thin piece of foam with a hole cut through it, wires run to pads
	The button responds by vibrating gently, like a cat’s purr when he is awakened.
	The vibration comes in two short spurts, indicating the vest is ready and awake.
	Intro message
	As soon as the intro message is complete, all the vibration motors in the vest vibrate in a “vibration symphony” to create the sensation that the body has been scanned.
	Once calibration is complete, the vest stops vibrating and tells the user: “Your vest calibration is complete”.




	Reducing BOM Cost
x		Check viability of using M0+ (MKL26Z64VFT4)
x		Check viability of using NRF81 chip (M0)
x		Check viability of using NRF82 chip (M4F) $3.95 at q1000
x		Check BOM breakdown, see where we can reduce cost


x	Refactor main code
x	Trigger extra motors
x	Battery life function
x	Shutdown function

x	IMU calibration sequence

x	add 33ohm resistors to USB
x	test serial output - 0 ohm next to lipo charger

x	New module enclosure

x	Test programming M4F over SWD
x	Understand how to program BLE

x	Replace non-working switches
x	Remove unneeded programming headers
x	Solder battery in
x	Solder to internal regulator

x	Test vreg/powering from battery

x	Double tap to start swing, vibration/chime to signal starting swing, position feedback starts right away. Chime at full backswing
x	Single tap to exit swing
x	Solid green LED while running
x	Blinking blue LED while data upload
x	Orange breathing LED while idle
x	Red flash in between breaths for low battery



Down the line:
x	Check if the whole thing will run on LC
	MPU calibration values get stored in eeprom, and then read from eeprom at boot and sent to IMU (or just make IMU save them?) for factory cal.
	make all of the data types in the new imu library consistent
	Save volume level to spi flash, read at boot
x	Switch to either MAX98304 (analog in, $0.49) or MAX98357A (I2S in, $1.00)

	Work through the todo in TeensyWithMD6.12.ino (make MPU stop reporting accel/gyro data)


Components
x	resistor arrays? no
x	LIPO Fuel gauge? no
	LIPO overcurrent protection

	Definitely have to go through the parts list better. NCP177A regulator has active discharge, could be burning lots of current during testing
	Check quiescent current of p-fet, look for a better one

	Switch Serial Flash to WSON package
		W25Q64FVZP
		http://ww1.microchip.com/downloads/en/AppNotes/S72030.pdf
	Switch to high current charger
		MCP73834-FCI/MF
	Add overcurrent protection
		INA199
	Make sure USB conn is rated for higher power
	Find better speakers

Schematic
x	Use one of the deepSleep compatible pins for IMU interrupt

x	Fix schematic note about Vreg - if I actually use it. drop out is <0.11 V for 500mA
x	mcp73831 HAS to be mcp73831-2
x	Pullups on volume buttons! internal pullups are crazy low resistance
x	Footprint for digipot is way off
x	Don't need test pads for SPI
x	make a nicer jtag pin pattern
x	BLE crystal specs on schematic
x	"not populated" -> "DNP"


	BLE Shutdown?
	Put PCB Specs on schematic
	Consistent file names (bottom right)
	Consistent title locations
x	Switch to 12 pin FFC
x	Power switch into FFC

PCB
	Redo those power input traces
	Redo audio power traces
	Array vias for shorter ground path, especially on motor drivers
	Remove fiducials
	Center USB
	Charging LEDs illuminate cavity
	Move power switch circuit next to USB
	Fills for power planes
	Use smd solder pads for chest motor connections